“Hiding within those mounds of data is knowledge that could change the life of a patient, or change the world.” 
“Big data is at the foundation of all the megatrends that are happening.”
“Big Data is like teenage sex: everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone claims they are doing it.” 
“The world is now awash in data and we can see consumers in a lot clearer ways.” 
“Data really powers everything that we do.” 
 “There were 5 exabytes of information created between the dawn of civilization through 2003, but that much information is now created every 2 days.” 
“Information is the oil of the 21st century, and analytics is the combustion engine”
“Big data is not about the data.”
“Without big data analytics, companies are blind and deaf, wandering out onto the web like deer on a freeway.” 
“Consumer data will be the biggest differentiator in the next two to three years. Whoever unlocks the reams of data and uses it strategically will win.”
“Data is the new science. Big Data holds the answers.” 
“I keep saying that the sexy job in the next 10 years will be statisticians, and I’m not kidding” 
“War is 90% information.” 
“The most valuable commodity I know of is information.”
“The goal is to turn data into information, and information into insight.” 
“Torture the data, and it will confess to anything.” 
“When we have all data online it will be great for humanity. It is a prerequisite to solving many problems that humankind faces.”
“Data matures like wine, applications like fish.” 
“In the end you should only measure and look at the numbers that drive action, meaning that the data tells you what you should do next.”
“Numbers have an important story to tell. They rely on you to give them a voice.” 
“It’s easy to lie with statistics. It’s hard to tell the truth without statistics.” 
“Data is a precious thing and will last longer than the systems themselves.”
“Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a firehose.” 
“We chose it because we deal with huge amounts of data. Besides, it sounds really cool.” 
“Data beats emotions.” 
“If we have data, let’s look at data. If all we have are opinions, let’s go with mine.”
“Things get done only if the data we gather can inform and inspire those in a position to make [a] difference.” 
“What we have is a data glut.” 
“Everybody has certain red flags they want to keep an eye on, and big data tools enable you to do that in fairly close to real time.”
“With data collection, ‘the sooner the better’ is always the best answer.”
“He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp posts—for support rather than for illumination.” 
“Listening to the data is important… but so is experience and intuition. After all, what is intuition at its best but large amounts of data of all kinds filtered through a human brain rather than a math model?” 
“Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.” 
“You can use all the quantitative data you can get, but you still have to distrust it and use your own intelligence and judgment.” 
“For every two degrees the temperature goes up, check-ins at ice cream shops go up by 2%.”
“Data that is loved tends to survive.”
“The data fabric is the next middleware.” 
“Learning from data is virtually universally useful. Master it and you will be welcomed anywhere.”
“Big data will spell the death of customer segmentation and force the marketer to understand ach customer as an individual within 18 months or risk being left in the dust.” 
“In God we trust. All others must bring data.”
“Every company has big data in its future and every company will eventually be in the data business.”
“Data that sit unused are no different from data that were never collected in the first place.”